---
title: Site Structure
name: site-structure
date: 2018-03-13
tags: [ General, Files and Directories ]
---
[% USE q = Qgoda %]
The files and directories in this Qgoda project follow a pretty standard
structure for a Qgoda site:

```shell
_config.yaml
_site/
_views/
  components/
  default.html
  functions/
  partials/
    body.html
    head.html
  wrappers/
archive/
assets/
docs/
tags/
```

<qgoda-toc/>

## `_config.yaml`

This is the main [configuration]([% q.link(name = 'configuration') %]) for Qgoda.  Note that this file is only present, when you have [installed]([% q.link(name = 'installation') %]) the theme with `qgoda init`.  In the theme sources, you will see the file [`_init.yaml`](https://github.com/[% config.theme_repo %]/blob/master/_init.yaml) that `_config.yaml` is generated from.

## `_site/`

This directory contains the web site generated by Qgoda.  You should deploy the contents of this directory to the document root of your web server.

## `_views/`

Qgoda [templates]([% q.link(name = 'templates') %]) are called "views".  And as you may have guessed already, this directory contains the templates used for the site.

### `_views/default.html`

This is the only special file in the directory `_views`.

The view template to use for a certain document is determined by the variable `view` which defaults to the value `default.html`.  Therefore, unless specified otherwise, this file should contain the default template for your site.

### `_views/**`

Normally, you will modularize your view templates into snippets or compoents.

### `docs/`

The directory `docs` contains the documentation that you are currently reading.  You can safely delete the entire directory.

## Other Files and Directories

All other files and directories contain content and are copied to the `_site` directory, possibly after running them through a processor chain.
